---
layout: notes
title: September 2025
date: 2025-09-10
updated: 2025-09-16
category: Now
---
Life is moving quickly. I got engaged! And because of that, I took my first real vacation in some years. We had few days away from the Internet and it helped to relax a bit from all the madness happening in the world right now. We got lucky because the place where we stayed had an amazing sea view.

Besides that, always looking for people who are building meaningful things. I attended TechBBQ in Copenhagen and it was super nice. I met so many entrepreneurs building startups with purpose. I still have to go through the list of people I met and text them.

Currently, I am also looking at going back to EdTech. Some years ago I built startup around the idea of allowing people to guide their own learning. It is a project I am still proud about to this day. However, I have been feeling that with current technologies, we can build better things keeping the students in the center. I have been reading more about the topic and reaching out to people who would be interested into implementing digital projects.

At the same time, I have so many other projects in mind. I am creating a system to make good progress of all of them and hopefully one day give me a good smile for the progress I made. In any case, I want to focus on enjoying the process over anything.

In other news, I got a Kobo, so I am reading more these days. Trying at least to balance out more startup readings with sci-fi. Still too early to make a list on this website of all the books I read but I am planning to add that next year.
